doc(styleguide): create initial `colons.md` (#38)
OpenINF/.github: doc/collections/_pages/content/handbook/style/colons.md

---
title: Colons
key_point: A colon indicates that closely-related information follows.
original_url: https://developers.google.com/style/colons
original_title: Colons | Google developer documentation style guide
---

> ## Introductory phrase preceding colon
> 
> When a colon introduces a list, the text that precedes the colon must be able to
> stand alone as a complete sentence.
> 
> ### Examples
> 
> Recommended: The fields are defined as follows:
> 
> Not recommended: The fields are:

Author: ```suggestion
<section id="phrase-preceding-colon" markdown="1">

## Introductory phrase preceding colon

When a colon introduces a list, the text that precedes the colon must be able to
stand alone as a complete sentence.

### Examples

<p class="example"><span class="compare-better">Recommended:</span> The fields are defined as
follows:</p>
<p class="example"><span class="compare-worse">Not recommended:</span> The fields are:</p>

</section>
```

---
title: Colons
key_point: A colon indicates that closely-related information follows.
original_url: https://developers.google.com/style/colons
original_title: Colons | Google developer documentation style guide
---

<section id="phrase-preceding-colon" markdown="1">

## Introductory phrase preceding colon

When a colon introduces a list, the text that precedes the colon must be able to
stand alone as a complete sentence.

### Examples

<p class="example">
  <span class="compare-better">Recommended:</span> The fields are defined as
  follows:
</p>
<p class="example">
  <span class="compare-worse">Not recommended:</span> The fields are:
</p>

</section>

> ## Bold text preceding colon
> 
> When non-italic (_roman_) text that precedes a colon is bold, make the colon
> bold too.

Author: ```suggestion
<section id="bold-text-preceding-colon" markdown="1">

## Bold text preceding colon

When non-italic (_roman_) text that precedes a colon is bold, make the colon
bold too.

</section>
```

---
title: Colons
key_point: A colon indicates that closely-related information follows.
original_url: https://developers.google.com/style/colons
original_title: Colons | Google developer documentation style guide
---

<section id="phrase-preceding-colon" markdown="1">

## Introductory phrase preceding colon

When a colon introduces a list, the text that precedes the colon must be able to
stand alone as a complete sentence.

### Examples

<p class="example">
  <span class="compare-better">Recommended:</span> The fields are defined as
  follows:
</p>
<p class="example">
  <span class="compare-worse">Not recommended:</span> The fields are:
</p>

</section>

<section id="bold-text-preceding-colon" markdown="1">

## Bold text preceding colon

When non-italic (_roman_) text that precedes a colon is bold, make the colon
bold too.

</section>

> ## Code text preceding colon
> 
> When text that precedes a colon is tagged as `<code>`, don't include the colon
> in the `<code>` tagging unless it is part of the code. For more information
> about formatting code, see [Some specific items to put in code font].

Author: ```suggestion
<section id="code-text-preceding-colon" markdown="1">

## Code text preceding colon

When text that precedes a colon is tagged as `<code>`, don't include the colon
in the `<code>` tagging unless it is part of the code. For more information
about formatting code, see [Some specific items to put in code font].

</section>
```

---
title: Colons
key_point: A colon indicates that closely-related information follows.
original_url: https://developers.google.com/style/colons
original_title: Colons | Google developer documentation style guide
---

<section id="phrase-preceding-colon" markdown="1">

## Introductory phrase preceding colon

When a colon introduces a list, the text that precedes the colon must be able to
stand alone as a complete sentence.

### Examples

<p class="example">
  <span class="compare-better">Recommended:</span> The fields are defined as
  follows:
</p>
<p class="example">
  <span class="compare-worse">Not recommended:</span> The fields are:
</p>

</section>

<section id="bold-text-preceding-colon" markdown="1">

## Bold text preceding colon

When non-italic (_roman_) text that precedes a colon is bold, make the colon
bold too.

</section>

<section id="code-text-preceding-colon" markdown="1">

## Code text preceding colon

When text that precedes a colon is tagged as `<code>`, don't include the colon
in the `<code>` tagging unless it is part of the code. For more information
about formatting code, see [Some specific items to put in code font].

</section>

> ## Colons within sentences
> 
> In general, the first word in the text that follows a colon should be in
> lowercase. For exceptions, see [capitalization].

Author: ```suggestion
<section id="colon-in-sentence" markdown="1">

## Colons within sentences

In general, the first word in the text that follows a colon should be in
lowercase. For exceptions, see [capitalization].

</section>
```

---

<section id="phrase-preceding-colon" markdown="1">

## Introductory phrase preceding colon

When a colon introduces a list, the text that precedes the colon must be able to
stand alone as a complete sentence.

### Examples

<p class="example">
  <span class="compare-better">Recommended:</span> The fields are defined as
  follows:
</p>
<p class="example">
  <span class="compare-worse">Not recommended:</span> The fields are:
</p>

</section>

<section id="bold-text-preceding-colon" markdown="1">

## Bold text preceding colon

When non-italic (_roman_) text that precedes a colon is bold, make the colon
bold too.

</section>

<section id="code-text-preceding-colon" markdown="1">

## Code text preceding colon

When text that precedes a colon is tagged as `<code>`, don't include the colon
in the `<code>` tagging unless it is part of the code. For more information
about formatting code, see [Some specific items to put in code font].

</section>

<section id="colon-in-sentence" markdown="1">

## Colons within sentences

In general, the first word in the text that follows a colon should be in
lowercase. For exceptions, see [capitalization].

> </section>
> 
> ### Examples
> 
> Recommended: Tone: concise, conversational, friendly, respectful.
> 
> Recommended: When you add or update content to an existing project, remember to
> take these steps: review the style guide; use checklists; enlist a fellow writer
> or an editor to copyedit your work; and request a developmental edit if you feel
> that it's warranted.

Author: ```suggestion

### Examples

<p class="example"><span class="compare-better">Recommended:</span> Tone: concise,
conversational, friendly, respectful</p>
<p class="example"><span class="compare-better">Recommended:</span> When you add or update
content to an existing project, remember to take these steps: review the style
guide, use checklists, enlist a fellow writer or an editor to copyedit your
work, and request a developmental edit if you feel it's warranted.</p>

</section>
```

original_title: Colons | Google developer documentation style guide
---

<section id="phrase-preceding-colon" markdown="1">

## Introductory Phrase Preceding Colon

When a colon introduces a list, the text that precedes the colon must be able to
stand alone as a complete sentence.

<strong>Examples</strong>

<p class="example">
  <span class="compare-better">Recommended:</span> The fields are defined as
  follows:
</p>
<p class="example">
  <span class="compare-worse">Not recommended:</span> The fields are:
</p>

</section>

<section id="bold-text-preceding-colon" markdown="1">

## Bold and Italic Text Preceding Colons

When non-italic (_roman_) text that precedes a colon is bold, make the colon
bold too.

</section>

<section id="code-text-preceding-colon" markdown="1">

## Code Text Preceding Colons

When text that precedes a colon is tagged as `<code>`, don't include the colon
in the `<code>` tagging unless it is part of the code. For more information
about formatting code, see [Some specific items to put in code font].

</section>

<section id="colon-in-sentence" markdown="1">

## Colons Within Sentences

In general, the first word in the text that follows a colon should be in

> lowercase. For exceptions, see [capitalization].

Author: ```suggestion
lowercase. For exceptions, see [capitalization][].
```

<strong>Examples</strong>

<p class="example">
  <span class="compare-better">Recommended:</span> Tone: concise,
  conversational, friendly, respectful
</p>
<p class="example">
  <span class="compare-better">Recommended:</span> When you add or update
  content to an existing project, remember to take these steps: review the style
  guide, use checklists, enlist a fellow writer or an editor to copyedit your
  work, and request a developmental edit if you feel it's warranted.
</p>

</section>

## See Also

For more information about how to punctuate introductory material, see the

> sections on [list introductions] and [code-sample introductions].

Author: ```suggestion
sections on [list introductions][] and [code-sample introductions][].
```

> For information about when it's better to use colons than dashes, see [Dashes].

Author: ```suggestion
For information about when it's better to use colons than dashes, see [Dashes][].
```

---
title: Colons
key_point: A colon indicates that closely-related information follows.
original_url: https://developers.google.com/style/colons
original_title: Colons | Google developer documentation style guide
---

<section id="phrase-preceding-colon" markdown="1">

> ## Introductory phrase preceding colon

Author: ```suggestion
## Introductory Phrase Preceding Colon
```

When a colon introduces a list, the text that precedes the colon must be able to
stand alone as a complete sentence.

> ### Examples

Author: ```suggestion
<strong>Examples</strong>
```

<p class="example">
  <span class="compare-better">Recommended:</span> The fields are defined as
  follows:
</p>
<p class="example">
  <span class="compare-worse">Not recommended:</span> The fields are:
</p>

</section>

<section id="bold-text-preceding-colon" markdown="1">

> ## Bold text preceding colon

Author: ```suggestion
## Bold and Italic Text Preceding Colon
```

> ## Bold and Italic Text Preceding Colon

Author: ```suggestion
## Bold and Italic Text Preceding Colons
```

When non-italic (_roman_) text that precedes a colon is bold, make the colon
bold too.

</section>

<section id="code-text-preceding-colon" markdown="1">

> ## Code text preceding colon

Author: ```suggestion
## Code Text Preceding Colon
```

When text that precedes a colon is tagged as `<code>`, don't include the colon
in the `<code>` tagging unless it is part of the code. For more information
about formatting code, see [Some specific items to put in code font].

</section>

<section id="colon-in-sentence" markdown="1">

> ## Colons within sentences

Author: ```suggestion
## Colons Within Sentences
```

In general, the first word in the text that follows a colon should be in
lowercase. For exceptions, see [capitalization].

> ### Examples

Author: ```suggestion
<strong>Examples</strong>
```

<p class="example">
  <span class="compare-better">Recommended:</span> Tone: concise,
  conversational, friendly, respectful
</p>
<p class="example">
  <span class="compare-better">Recommended:</span> When you add or update
  content to an existing project, remember to take these steps: review the style
  guide, use checklists, enlist a fellow writer or an editor to copyedit your
  work, and request a developmental edit if you feel it's warranted.
</p>

</section>

> ## See also

Author: ```suggestion
## See Also
```

> ## See also
> 
> For more information about how to punctuate introductory material, see the
> sections on [list introductions] and [code-sample introductions].
> 
> For information about when it's better to use colons than dashes, see [Dashes].

Author: ```suggestion
<section id="see-also" markdown="1">

## See also

For more information about how to punctuate introductory material, see the
sections on [list introductions] and [code-sample introductions].

For information about when it's better to use colons than dashes, see [Dashes].

</section>
```

> <!-- prettier-ignore-start -->
> <!-- PRESERVE LINK DEFINITION LABEL CASE - START -->
> [Some specific items to put in code font]:
>   ./code-in-text.md#some-specific-items-to-put-in-code-font
> [capitalization]: ./capitalization.md
> [list introductions]: ./lists.md#intros
> [code-sample introductions]: ./code-samples.md#intros
> [Dashes]: ./dashes.md#colons
> <!-- PRESERVE LINK DEFINITION LABEL CASE - END -->
> <!-- prettier-ignore-end -->

Author: ```suggestion
<!-- LINK DEFINITION LABELS - START -->
[Some specific items to put in code font]:
  ./code-in-text.md#some-specific-items-to-put-in-code-font
[capitalization]: ./capitalization.md
[list introductions]: ./lists.md#intros
[code-sample introductions]: ./code-samples.md#intros
[Dashes]: ./dashes.md#colons
<!-- LINK DEFINITION LABELS - END -->
```

---
title: Colons
key_point: A colon indicates that closely-related information follows.

> ---

Author: ```suggestion
original_url: https://developers.google.com/style/colons
original_title: Colons | Google developer documentation style guide
---
```

---
title: Colons
key_point: A colon indicates that closely-related information follows.
original_url: https://developers.google.com/style/colons
original_title: Colons | Google developer documentation style guide
---

<section id="phrase-preceding-colon" markdown="1">

## Introductory phrase preceding colon

When a colon introduces a list, the text that precedes the colon must be able to
stand alone as a complete sentence.

### Examples

<p class="example">
  <span class="compare-better">Recommended:</span> The fields are defined as
  follows:
</p>
<p class="example">
  <span class="compare-worse">Not recommended:</span> The fields are:
</p>

</section>

<section id="bold-text-preceding-colon" markdown="1">

> ## Bold text preceding colon

Author: This actually goes against what Node.js does for their release changelogs and me just observing everything else that is going on, this might actually need to be changed to _not_ include the colon. 🤔

Refs: https://github.com/nodejs/changelog-maker

Recommended: The fields are defined as follows:

Not recommended: The fields are:

## Bold text preceding colon

When non-italic (_roman_) text that precedes a colon is bold, make the colon
bold too.

## Code text preceding colon

When text that precedes a colon is tagged as `<code>`, don't include the colon
in the `<code>` tagging unless it is part of the code. For more information
about formatting code, see [Some specific items to put in code font].

## Colons within sentences

In general, the first word in the text that follows a colon should be in
lowercase. For exceptions, see [capitalization].

### Examples

Recommended: Tone: concise, conversational, friendly, respectful.

Recommended: When you add or update content to an existing project, remember to
take these steps: review the style guide; use checklists; enlist a fellow writer
or an editor to copyedit your work; and request a developmental edit if you feel
that it's warranted.

## See also

For more information about how to punctuate introductory material, see the
sections on [list introductions] and [code-sample introductions].

For information about when it's better to use colons than dashes, see [Dashes].

> ---
> 
> <!-- Footer -->
> 
> <small>
>   ![CC logo icon] ![CC BY icon] ![CC SA icon] Portions of this document are
>   reproduced from work created and [shared by Google] and used according to
>   terms described in the [Creative Commons 4.0 Attribution License]. For more
>   information, refer to the [original source page].
> </small>
> 
> ![CC logo icon] ![CC BY icon] Except as otherwise noted, this content is
> published under [CC BY 4.0].
> 
> <small>
>   Portions of this page are reproduced from work created and [shared by Google]
>   and used according to terms described in the [Creative Commons 4.0 Attribution
>   License]. For more information, refer to the [original source page].
> </small>
> 
> <!-- prettier-ignore-start -->
> <!-- PRESERVE LINK DEFINITION LABEL CASE - START -->
> [Some specific items to put in code font]:
>   ./code-in-text.md#some-specific-items-to-put-in-code-font
> [capitalization]: ./capitalization.md
> [list introductions]: ./lists.md#intros
> [code-sample introductions]: ./code-samples.md#intros
> [Dashes]: ./dashes.md#colons
> 
> [CC logo icon]: ./img/cc_icon.svg "Creative Commons icon"
> [CC BY icon]: ./img/cc-by_icon.svg "Attribution icon"
> [CC BY 4.0]:
>   https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/
>   "Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International license (CC BY 4.0)"
> [shared by Google]: https://developers.google.com/readme/policies
> [Creative Commons 4.0 Attribution License]: https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0
> [original source page]: https://developers.google.com/style/colons
> <!-- PRESERVE LINK DEFINITION LABEL CASE - END -->
> <!-- prettier-ignore-end -->

Author: ```suggestion
<!-- prettier-ignore-start -->
<!-- PRESERVE LINK DEFINITION LABEL CASE - START -->
[Some specific items to put in code font]:
  ./code-in-text.md#some-specific-items-to-put-in-code-font
[capitalization]: ./capitalization.md
[list introductions]: ./lists.md#intros
[code-sample introductions]: ./code-samples.md#intros
[Dashes]: ./dashes.md#colons
<!-- PRESERVE LINK DEFINITION LABEL CASE - END -->
<!-- prettier-ignore-end -->
```

> # Colons
> 
> **On this page**
> 
> - [Introductory phrase preceding colon](#introductory-phrase-preceding-colon)
> - [Bold text preceding colon](#bold-text-preceding-colon)
> - [Code text preceding colon](#code-text-preceding-colon)
> - [Colons within sentences](#colons-within-sentences)
> - [See also](#see-also)
> 
> **Key Point:** A colon indicates that closely-related information follows.

Author: ```suggestion
---
title: Colons
key_point: A colon indicates that closely-related information follows.
---
```
